Documentation tweaks and updates for v4 (#5954)
apollographql/apollo-kotlin: docs/source/caching/normalized-cache.mdx

  // Always use the network and never check the cache, even if network fails
  .fetchPolicy(FetchPolicy.NetworkOnly)
  
  // Check the cache and also use the network
  .fetchPolicy(FetchPolicy.CacheAndNetwork)

  // Execute the query and collect the responses
  .toFlow().collect { response ->
    // ...
  }
```
Note that cache misses **will** emit a response with a non null `.exception`, meaning that some of these policies can emit multiple values:
- `CacheFirst` can emit 1 or 2 values
- `NetworkFirst` can emit 1 or 2 values
- `CacheAndNetwork` will emit 2 values

> For that reason you should use `.toFlow()` rather than `.execute()` when using these policies.

Reviewer: Mixed feelings about this. `.execute()` works well for `CacheFirst` and `NetworkFirst` and AFAIK, it's one of the main usages today. 
`CacheAndNetwork` is different in that `execute()` doesn't work at all. Ultimately, we might want to deprecate `execute()` altogether but until we do, I wouldn't recommend against it for `CacheFirst` and `NetworkFirst`

Author: Totally right! Replacing with:

> Note: `.execute()` filters out cache or network errors to return a single success response, however since `CacheAndNetwork` can emit 2 success responses, you should use `.toFlow()` when using that policy.

As with `normalizedCache(NormalizedCacheFactory)`, `fetchPolicy(FetchPolicy)` is an extension function on `ApolloClient.Builder()`, so you need `apollo-normalized-cache` in your classpath for this to work.

Because the normalized cache deduplicates data, it enables you to react to cache changes. You do this with `watchers` that listen for cache changes. [Learn more about query watchers.](./query-watchers/)

> ## Specifying cache keys

Reviewer: Sooooo the docs are quite heterogeneous about this.... 

Web has mostly "cache IDs", iOS has both "cache IDs" and "cache keys (not sure what the difference is). Given that most of the normalized cache documentation/content out there is for web (therefore using "cache IDs"), I would exercise caution before changing this.

"QUERY_ROOT": {"favoriteBook": "ApolloCacheReference(Book:bk123)", "author(\"id\": \"au456\")": "ApolloCacheReference{Author:au456}"}
```

Fortunately, all of our objects have an `id` field that we can use for this purpose. If an `id` is unique across _all_ objects in your graph, you can use its value directly as a cache key. Otherwise if it's unique _per object type_, you can prefix it with the type name (as shown above).

### Methods

There are two methods for specifying an object's cache key:

* **[Declaratively](declarative-ids)** (recommended). You can specify schema extensions that tell the codegen in which field(s) to find the ID and make sure at compile time that all these fields are requested in operations so that all objects can be identified. Declarative keys also prefix each ID with the typename to ensure global uniqueness.
* **[Programmatically](programmatic-ids).** You can implement custom APIs that provide the cache key for an object. Because you can execute arbitrary code, this solution is more flexible, but it's also more error prone and requires that your operations request the key fields.

## Clearing the cache

> Call `apolloClient.apolloStore.clearAll()` to clear the cache of all entries. Note that calling `apolloClient.apolloStore` will throw an exception if a cache has not been configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call `apolloClient.apolloStore.clearAll()` to clear the cache of all entries. Note that calling `apolloClient.apolloStore` throws an exception if a cache has not been configured.
```
